Improve grammar and style for the first blog post (#62)
capactio/website: blog/2021-09-07-introducing-capact.md

  - release-sneak-peek
---

Managing the lifecycle of infrastructure, applications, and processes in modern IT is problematic.
There are a variety of tools and best practices, which are ever-changing. It's a struggle to stay up-to-date with these practices, and not everyone is an expert at everything. Technical debt is inevitable.

We are ultimately all alone. Siloed within the context of team, department, or company, locked-in in a particular ecosystem of tooling. To deliver end-to-end capabilities, we build them from scratch in a vacuum. We consume API calls, transform data, build and manage infrastructure and applications. Do we all really have different use cases? Don't we spend too much time solving the same problems as others have?

What if we could share the expertise and, as a result, save time? Collaborating together, we ensure we use the best tools out there, and follow the best practices. This is something that already happens—we have plenty of libraries and frameworks out there. But what if we went a step further and have a way to create, use and share building blocks that are language-agnostic abstracted capabilities?

> For example, if you're not a cloud expert, all you need to know is that you want a managed PostgreSQL database on AWS and let others make it. In that way, services are managed by subject matter experts, and you can simply focus on your business logic. Likewise, if you need any Kubernetes cluster—by saying "I want any Kubernetes cluster" and letting the magic happen, you could cover both local development and production scenarios...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you're not a cloud expert, all you need to know is that you want a managed PostgreSQL database on AWS and let others make it. In that way, services are managed by subject-matter experts, and you can simply focus on your business logic. Likewise, if you need any Kubernetes cluster—by saying "I want any Kubernetes cluster" and letting the magic happen, you could cover both local development and production scenarios...
```

![Here we go again GIF](./assets/here-we-go-again-again.gif) <center><small>source: <a href="https://tenor.com/view/here-wego-again-again-ohboy-sigh-captain-america-gif-15496881" target="_blank">tenor.com</a></small></center>

Yes, we get it. You already know plenty of different tools for that. But Capact is different. How is it different?

Capact comes with a truly unique feature—**interchangeability of dependencies**. If you know the concept of interfaces from a variety of programming languages, you get the idea. Think about Capact as a way of executing workflows with steps, which are described with interfaces. An implementation for a given interface is resolved dynamically at runtime, according to your preferences. Also, these dynamic workflow steps are building blocks, which can be reused by others (or even nested within other workflows).

> Initially, we focused on day-one and day-two operations for managing applications and infrastructure. However, Capact is built with universal concepts in mind, so you can run any arbitrary workflow you want. For example, you can do data processing, ML workloads, system configuration, cluster benchmarking, auditing, running serverless workloads—the possibilities are virtually endless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initially, we focused on day-one and day-two operations for managing applications and infrastructure. However, Capact is built with universal concepts in mind, so you can run any arbitrary workflow you want. For example, you can do data processing, machine learning workloads, system configuration, cluster benchmarking, auditing, running serverless workloads—the possibilities are virtually endless.
```
